So let's introduce you
now to the main modules,
the main themes that we're gonna
be covering in this course.
There are four main themes for
the four main sessions that each
of us is gonna be talking about.
In each of these themes
we're also gonna emphasize
particular issues that
criss-cross all of the themes.
So that you'll see some things being
highlighted in each session that actually
are not specific to that session,
but are cut across.
So let me introduce
them to you one by one.
And then we'll each take a turn to talk
about the particular thing that we
discuss in our own sessions.
So, Cade.
>> So I'm gonna start in Module 1 by
talking about performance evaluation.
So this is something everybody has
been on both sides of, probably,
getting your own performance evaluated and
evaluating others.
And the idea here is to bring
data to bear to do a better job.
Given a person and a job, how do we know
whether they're doing well or poorly?
Whether they're working hard or
slacking off?
And what mistakes might we make and
avoid by using data.
>> In the second module I'm
gonna talk about staffing.
So this is how do we get
the right person on the job?
And so focusing particularly on make sure
we're hiring good people, how we're moving
them inside the organization,
how do we evaluate that as well.
In doing so, I'm gonna focus a lot
on how people move in organizations.
I'm also gonna spend a bunch of time
talking about kind of another specific
issue which is key analytics which is
how do we interpret correlations and
how do we think about difference
between correlation and causality.
And how to make decisions based on that.
>> In the third session, I'm going
to be talking about collaboration.
And there, what I'm really gonna
introduce you to is the tools and
techniques of organizational
network analysis.
And to help us analyze collaboration,
one of the powerful potential insights
that people analytics can offer is that we
can think about collaboration
in terms of networks.
The connections between people that
enable them to get things done.
So we will talk about how can
you map those connections,
how can you map the networks between
people inside organizations.
How can you analyze those networks?
What are the conceptual building
blocks for analyzing them?
And then how can you really develop some
insights and potentially intervene inside
collaboration networks in order to improve
collaboration inside organizations.
And one of the themes that I'm gonna
emphasizing in that session that really,
again, cuts across all of our sessions is
the importance of good measurement and
particularly measuring both
the network side of things but
measuring your outcomes really well.
Cuz if you don't measure outcomes
really well then whatever you find,
whatever conclusions you can draw
from your great people analytics,
statistics and
techniques is gonna mean nothing.
So really how do we measure outcome as
well is a theme that cuts across all of
our sessions.
>> And then I'm gonna close in Module 4
with a session on talent management, which
one way of thinking about it is just a
deeper version of performance evaluation.
Where instead of looking at whether
a person's simply working hard or
slacking off we're looking at their
fundamental talent and evaluating what
capacity this person has and helping them
develop whatever capacity they do have.
A theme that does cut across all these
modules and is an important issue in
talent management, is also fundamentally
issue in that first module Performance and
Evaluation, and
that is chance versus true variation.
True skill differences,
true effort differences.
People we have a lot of literature
now on mistakes people making in
reasoning about chance and
it's critical in talent management and
in performance evaluation
to navigate those issues.
So we'll give you some ideas there,
some examples there and
if something's gonna come up in any number
of application areas for people on.
>> And then we'll conclude and
just wrap up with
some discussion of the big challenges
that organizations are facing right now.
A lot of that we'll discuss as
we go through our sessions, but
we'll wrap with some closing
thoughts on that and
some of the exciting future new directions
that we see this field moving in.